Welcome to our library studios.
We're going to resume where we left off
in our last program and returning to the
garden.
Uh, it is a, yeah,
it was a story, uh, regarding, um,
the
fulfillment of Shabuwah that we are
actually considering now.
And it just happened to progress into an
assessment of individuals who were trying
to claim this Shabuwah harvest for
themselves and disparage the one who is
actually responsible for cultivating those
who will be gleaned on this day.
It is an interesting story.
And I think that
The realization that we came to about two
months ago, maybe three,
that the story of the garden has been
misunderstood for a better part of a six
thousand years,
certainly in the last thirty four hundred
years since the Torah has delineated that
account to us.
It's always assumed that an
woman named Eve somehow decided,
based upon being beguiled by a snake,
that she would eat an apple and then
she would hand it to her husband,
who was named Adam.
But that is both wrong and completely
misses the point.
You see, even before
Chawah, which was her actual name.
It means to express one's mind.
Religious Jews will tell you it means life
giver, but that would be Chaya, not Chawah.
Che and Chaim is lives and Chawah means
to express one's attitude.
And that was her name.
Long before she was even conceived,
God gave up on man.
And that really is the most insightful
thing I can tell you about that story.
Because once you understand that,
you'll understand why the experiment in
the garden ended and what it means for
us today.
You see,
God told us before he gave a man
a Neshama, a conscience,
which is the ability to process what you
observe such that you can exercise good
judgment and discern right from wrong.
He gave Adam this Neshama, this conscience,
in addition to a nephesh soul,
consciousness,
when he placed him in the garden.
And the garden was a protective enclosure
that was conducive to life.
It is a microcosm of our planet.
Earth is a protective enclosure that is
conducive to life.
And in that, Yahowah said,
even before he placed man there,
that he wanted him to be observant.
observant.
This is shamar in Hebrew.
It means to closely examine and carefully
consider all that is provided for you,
that is evident to you.
And he then said that he wanted man
to work.
And to work, a shah, to engage,
to act,
to make a contribution such that the
sum of Yahowah plus man was more than
either Yahowah independently or man by
himself.
You see that?
We're going to get to the ultimate
equation that Yahowah who is one and man
who is an animal created on the sixth
day is known by the nomenclature of six
is
greater than either of them independently.
Six plus one equals seven would be
Yahowah's formula for this.
And so these are the things that he
asked of Adam.
And
Adam didn't deliver on either equation.
He just was not particularly observant.
There is nothing that would indicate he
was the least bit contributory to the
experience in the garden either.
In fact,
God was said he was a bit of
a deadbeat, that he was listless,
that he made no contribution.
So this is the reason that God decided
to end the experiment in the garden.
And God even tells us that he caused
the fall of man.
That's a very essential lesson if you want
to understand not only the garden,
but where we're headed.
Because in God's story,
we were escorted out of the garden for
failing to perform,
being unobservant and listless.
and being unreliable.
And that was six thousand years ago,
save seven.
And in seven years,
we're going to be allowed back into the
garden.
At least a select few will be given
the permission to reenter the garden.
So the only way you're going to know
whether or not you belong in the garden
going forward or whether you'll be
admitted in the garden going forward,
or you can even be among those who
will be put to work helping those who
are admitted into the garden,
is to know what happened in the garden
and what went wrong.
And that's the analysis that I have
provided here quite recently in the Yahowah
blog so that you would know what went
wrong.
So I'm telling you that long before Chawah
was even conceived, God gave up on man.
And the testimony that God provides is
that he caused the fall of man.
And the reason he did so was,
of course, twofold.
One is that he wanted peace.
the man to be observant.
He wanted the man to engage and make
a contribution.
He wanted the man to demonstrate that he
could listen and respond and then show
that he was reliable so that if he
made a mistake,
he would correct it and move on learning
from it.
And that if he tripped and fell,
he'd stand back up.
These are requirements to A,
garner Yahowah's attention,
And B,
be left off this planet so that we
can explore the universe with our God.
So these are the things that caused God
to give up on Adam.
And you say, well,
why didn't he just give him more time?
Well,
because of the fact that he was in
such a cloistered environment,
such a sheltered, protective environment,
there was no incentive for Adam to
improve.
He was given all the food he needed,
didn't need to work for it.
So why engage?
Why do anything?
He was
completely protected,
so there was no outside source of stimuli
that he had to raise up against to
overcome,
so he was never going to develop any
character.
You know,
he was seeing the same things every day,
so what was going to be new to
observe that was going to change that,
and what God had perceived is that when
he's wrong,
he'd
doesn't correct himself.
He doesn't learn from the mistake.
When falling,
he wallows in his shame and doesn't get
up.
That he felt he was entitled.
He's kind of like Generation Z.
So God recognized in that environment,
it would be just like washing a goldfish,
swimming a bowl,
and it was never going to change.
So he ended the experiment in the garden.
And because God is sympathetic and he had
created this man for a purpose,
even though it had not worked out,
he didn't want man to be alone.
So what that tells you is that God
had already made the decision to leave the
man prior to creating the woman,
or he would not have said it that
way, would he?
And so he created the woman for an
express purpose, to be helpful to the man.
And she was not.
She was actually the opposite of helpful.
And there's a story of a woman who
was once involved with...
this mission who was
counterproductive as well,
who could not be trusted, who,
when making a mistake,
could not learn from it, and when tripped,
stayed in a fallen state.
And she is embodied,
and all we can learn about Chawah,
she represents,
and that's why God is going to use
this occasion that we're on now to speak
about her prophetically,
and God's really upset with her,
and those who are part of her company.
so what we find is that uh after
god ended the experience in the garden and
he set out terms and conditions for man
to to then develop outside of it that
it went very poorly in a hurry and
and it was that all man with a
Neshama with a conscience fell
The term Naphilylym,
which is errantly rendered giants in
almost every translation,
does not mean giants.
In fact, it's the opposite of giants.
Nephal, from which it is the plural of,
Naphilylym,
would be the plural of nephal in Hebrew.
It means they were the fallen.
Just as God caused the fall of man,
man outside of the garden with a Neshama
fell down.
precipitously.
And so God wanted to get a fresh
start because he regretted even creating
man.
We were rotten to the core.
We used our ability to think to harm
people, to be hurtful.
And so this is the story that developed
and it really never changed.
And so God is providing humanity with six
thousand years to get our act together.
with enormous amounts of revelation so
that he can communicate to us in such
a way that we understand what he is
offering and what he's expecting in return
and how we are to engage with him.
And along the way,
the greatest exemplar happens to be David,
who mankind has treated more reprehensibly
than anyone who has ever lived.
You see,
the whole lie of Judaism and Christianity
are based almost exclusively on Robin
Dowd, who is the exemplar of our lives.
He is the one whose attitude and aptitude
earned him the love of our creator,
because he was all things that Adam was
not.
You see, Dowd was...
engaged.
He was observant.
He was thoughtful.
He listened.
When he made a mistake,
he learned from it and grew as a
result.
When he tripped and fell,
he got back up.
He was passionate and his zealousness for
the relationship that he had developed
with Yahowah.
And so Dowd is
the exemplar of what God's looking for.
He was Shezak, tough.
He was a great defender of Israel.
He was the ultimate student of the Torah,
having written both a summary form
expression of it,
as well as the hundred and nineteenth
Psalm, which is the longest by far,
which is a comprehensive analysis of how
we are to observe the Torah.
And it is through Dowd that Yahowah
fulfilled the Mowedym, Pisach, Matzah,
Bikuwrym.
the spring Miqraey in thirty-three CE,
year four thousand YAH.
And yet in Christianity,
everything Dowd did,
including being crucified to fulfill
Pesach in his second of third lives,
was stolen by the mythical construct of
Jesus, as well as Dowd's title.
Son of God and Messiah are titles that
belong to Dowd and to no one else
other than Dowd.
And they were stolen by Christianity to
create the lie of Jesus.
and as well as Savior and King.
All of those are titles,
including chosen one that belonged to Dowd
and to no other.
But it's not just Christianity that stole
it.
So did Judaism.
They hoisted Bar Kokhba,
this was Rabbi Akiba,
the father of rabbinic Judaism.
He's the one who came up with the
lie of Bar Kokhba to counter the rising
popularity of the Jews
lives of Christianity.
And all of this simply robs Dowd of
his dignity.
In Judaism today,
there is an unknown Messiah that's
supposedly coming,
but there is no unknown Messiah.
The Messiah is Dowd,
and it's one of his lesser titles,
actually.
He's gonna return as king, Melech.
That's a far more appropriate title for
him.
And if you wanna know his favorite title,
it would be son of God.
He is the one person that God said,
he is my son.
I am his father.
That's only one person that is said of
and it's said of three times.
To claim that Jesus is a savior,
that Jesus is God,
to say that Jesus is the Messiah or
the son of God is to call God
a liar.
A really, really dumb idea.
And so Dowd is, according to God,
the antidote for everything that was wrong
with Adam.
And he is the proof text.
He is the one who says it's possible
in this regard.
And it's been two thousand years since the
fulfilled Pesach, Matzah, and Bikuwrym.
And I'm the first person in all of
that time to understand that it was Dowd.
who did that,
therefore Jesus never existed,
and therefore Judaism was based upon a lie
as well.
Dowd was the one who suffered crucifixion.
He wrote about it in first person a
thousand years before he endured it in the
twenty-second Mizmowr.
And then he carried our guilt into Sheowl
such that we would appear not guilty in
God's perspective and could be part of the
covenant family, joining him on Bikuwrym,
which is firstborn children.
This is where we stand now.
less than a year away from the fulfillment
of Shabuwah,
which will either take place on May of
this year or of June of next year.
And then we head into the fulfillment of
the fall Mowedym, Taruwah,
Kipurym and Sukah in year, YAH, in .
And on Sukah, we return to the garden,
which is the name of the series.
The way that people return to the garden
is that Yahowah will select on Taruwah after
the final gleaning on that day.
the mortal remnant that he once purged of
their sins of omission.
That means they were misled as opposed to
being rabbinical types and misleading or
being Christian evangelists and
misleading.
God is going to purge the Israelites and
Yahuwdym who have been misled by the
sacrifice of the Adamah Parah on Taruwah.
they will then have the opportunity to
witness Yahowah's return with Dowd on Yom
Kipurym.
And five days later,
those individuals will repopulate as
mortals the garden conditions that will be
restored on planet Earth as they begin the
thousand-year celebration of Sukah.
It sounds complicated, I'm sure,
if you've not heard it before.
It's reassuring if you've heard me talk
about it many thousands of times as I
have written about it and spoken about it
in the series called Yada Yahowah,
and then again on the Yahowah blog.
Just as an interesting footnote,
another four or five of the books that
are part of the Yada Yahowah series have
arrived.
My good friend, Yoel Joe,
was able to get them all presented again
in their new format.
at Amazon.
So if you want to buy them,
you can buy them royalty free at Amazon.
You Google my name,
Craig Winn or Yada Yahowah,
and you will come to those series.
There's thirty five books, I believe,
in the in the series now.
And you
can also go to YadaYah.com where all thirty
five books are presented in their entirety
for free.
We don't even ask for email information,
nothing.
Your title is to enjoy everything and
learn from everything that's on the site
for absolute free.
So this is where we are.
And we were
pursuing a new book called Coming Home
For, and it's on Basar, the herald,
and the places where Dowd,
who is the king, and his herald, Yara,
are presented,
beginning all the way in the fourth day
of creation with the greater and lesser
luminaries,
and then going to the Tree of Lives
and the Tree of Knowledge.
and going through the Torah to describe
these various places and then into the
prophets as they are foretold.
And in doing that,
you come to the role that they
collectively play in the Shabuwah harvest.
And Shabuwah and Taruwah as gleanings and
harvests are important to our return to
the garden.
And I know I'm providing a lot of
background information.
And it probably is coming off very quick
and staccato fashion.
But it's important that you have context
for what we're talking about here.
Otherwise,
it's very difficult to understand what God
is saying.
And should you need it, there are.
scores and scores of Yahowah vlog programs
devoted to the material that I'm
summarizing here for you,
covered in great detail,
as well as having it covered in all
of the books of the Yada Yahowah series.
As a matter of fact,
the book buried in the bottom here,
my Wookie is taking a nap,
called Time of Trouble will have a vivid
portrayal of all of this.
The fact is that the Shabuwah harvest,
which is the next harvest of standing
grain of those covenant members who are
actively engaged and very mature in their
relationship with Yahowah, participating,
making a contribution to the covenant
family,
helping us
share the very message that we're
conveying here,
will be taken home to Yahowah.
And what I wanted to do is to
demonstrate that this harvest is actually
spoken of in the prophets as one where
people disappear.
And for that, you turn to Yashayah Isaiah,
verse fifty-seven.
And that is where we went.
But I have just a standard operating
procedure,
and I've followed it for the last
twenty-four years that I've been doing
this,
that I will never pluck a single passage
or two passages out of context.
I'll always, if it's an important message,
I'll go typically a full chapter in
advance of it so that you see the
context that it's being presented in.
And we reviewed the fifty-sixth chapter of
it.
Yashayah, Isaiah,
for that purpose and previous programs on
returning to the garden.
And then we covered what is presented in
Isaiah fifty seven, one and two,
which speak of the disappearance of this
extraordinarily engaged
group of covenant members who are making
such a tremendous contribution.
And they're important because they will
return as the teachers of forevermore
beginning on Sukah.
So these are the very people that will
be tending to the tree of knowledge to
equip this mortal remnant of Israel such
that they're prepared to earn Yahowah's
trust and that they can move on beyond
the earth to explore the stars.
Now, as we did that,
what we found in the preamble was God
said,
setting up his nakar,
his observant foreigner,
with the responsibility to reach his
people at this time.
And we heard God speak of the role
that the tree of knowledge would play in
this regard, same individual.
And as we were doing that,
we found that God used the occasion to
scold
a woman that he spoke of as being
a sorceress, a demonic,
that he described as being a whore.
That's not a favorable term.
And he would call it a great betrayer.
because she was once active in the
covenant and had decided to disparage my
wife, myself, uh, the books at Yada Yahowah,
uh, and, uh, the Yahowah vlog,
all things that she had spent the previous
ten years of her life championing.
But she did it because she's a psychopath
and likely became demon possessed and, um,
was in it to, um,
Asajj a huge hole in her own life.
And because she craved notoriety, well,
she found it here.
And this is what God had to say.
And we were pursuing this.
And one of the things that I told
to those who were listening to those
programs is that beyond the fact that God
uses some exceedingly disparaging terms,
anon, which speaks of a sorceress,
a demonic woman,
A Zonah, which is a reprehensible whore.
And a Shaqar,
which is someone who is a great betrayer.
To describe this woman and her ilk.
But the other thing that was interesting
is that there were ten,
twelve verses comprised of probably twice
that many sentences, one after another,
that were scribed such that the villain
was feminine singular.
Very unusual for Hebrew to go on and
on.
And with God,
and this is God speaking in his own
voice through the prophet Yashayah,
continuing to assail a single woman.
But this woman did something that God
found reprehensible.
And the reason for this,
as we rejoin the text, is,
as I have shared momentarily ago,
just moments ago,
whereby God's beloved son, David,
the returning king,
in his second of three lives,
fulfilled Pesach, Matzah, and Bikuwrym.
He became the Passover lamb, his body did,
and he was the one who was crucified
in thirty-three CE.
He is the one whose soul took our
guilt into Sheowl on Matzah,
and he is the one who was released
on Bikuwrym.
All in thirty three C.E.
or four thousand.
And he told us the exact day that
these things would happen and describe
these events in great detail as the only
eyewitness observer who was inspired by
God to write about them.
And he wrote about them a thousand years
before he endured them.
It would take humankind three thousand
years from the time to wrote those
prophecies.
And two thousand years from the time that
he fulfilled them.
To credit him for what he had done.
And prior to the time that I realized
that it was Dowd who served as the
Savior,
that he was the one who was the
Zarowa, the sacrificial lamb.
He was the one whose soul carried our
guilt into shield.
He was the one as the Bekor,
the son of God, fulfilled Bikuwrym,
firstborn children.
Without knowing this,
there is no salvation.
Without knowing this, there is...
No absolute affirmation that Jesus is a
complete lie and that the most popular
religion in the world exists to betray
what God had to say about his beloved
son and what God achieved.
And it's the same thing is true with
Judaism,
because Judaism does not acknowledge that
Dowd is the son of God,
even though God says so.
That Dowd is the savior, fulfilling peace,
And so having become that person.
having become the person who reintroduced
God's name,
the proper pronunciation of it, Yahowah,
to the world,
being the person who would write
thirty-five books about knowing Yahowah,
knowing Yahowah,
and offering them both in writing free and
as part of this Yahowah blog.
That was too important a role.
for Yahowah to allow to be besmirched,
to be undermined,
because it means that his beloved son
would have fulfilled Pesach, Matzah,
and Bikuwrym in thirty-two CE for nothing,
because no one was in a position to
capitalize, because no one knew he did it,
until I began to share these things.
The greatest discovery ever made,
pursuant to a relationship with God.
And
So to have someone do that,
and even to have someone follow Yahowah's
instructions and expose and condemn Islam
to help God's people, Israel,
survive that religion.
And I've written five books on Islam,
actually eight all total,
but five that are now published on the
Yada Yahowah site.
YadaYah.com,
and five books proving that Christianity
is a fraud from beginning to end to
free God's people from the very religion
that harassed them to the point that they,
well,
suffered the Holocaust in Roman Catholic
Europe.
And so these are things that needed to
be known, and this woman,
whom God says is demonic,
who says that she is whorish and that
she is a great betrayer,
decided that she would undermine these
things.
Now,
it is not all that uncommon with God
for someone to go from being in his
company to being opposed to him.
Let me give you a wonderful example.
The best bad example that ever existed.
The children of Israel during the Exodus.
God went into Egypt,
freed them from Pharaoh,
and was bringing them to the promised
land, spoke through them directly.
One time he came down on Mount Choreb,
stood right beside or certainly burned in
his blazing fire and booming voice right
beside Moshe and introduced himself and
the children of Israel in God's company,
having been saved by God,
protected by God.
taught by god told god to go away
and shut up they never wanted to hear
from him or see him again so if
you are amongst those who are uh saying
well you know if you're in god's company
then you know you're you're always there
no they were and then they weren't as
a matter of fact when the the spies
went into the uh the promised land and
gave a
an errant report saying that there were
Naphilylym there.
And of course there were no Naphilylym.
They were all destroyed during the flood.
Everyone over the age of twenty died.
They were not allowed into the Promised
Land.
So you need to know that it's very
easy for somebody to go from being an
insider to an outsider.
The perfect example for this particular
woman is not just
Chawah,
who spoke her mind and twisted God's
testimony to suit herself who wanted to
become a mother goddess, but of Miriam,
Moshe's sister.
And I don't know how you get in
a better position than being Moshe's
sister, but she was right there.
And not only as Moshe's sister,
she led the chorus of the people's chorus
during the song of the sea, singing,
leading the women and singing songs to
acknowledge all Yahowah had done for his
people.
And wasn't long after that,
that she started to disparage Moshe's
wife, spreading hurtful gossip about her,
slander about her,
just as this woman did to my wife,
and then claimed that we also,
she had a little errand,
Moshe's brother in her pocket,
so to speak.
We also speak for God.
Well, God responded to that and said, no,
you don't.
and responding to her and condemning her
and ostracizing her and striking her with
leprosy and then saying she's the perfect
example of divorce and that she is the
place where the water of Meribah revolt
that ultimately destroyed the relationship
between God and Jews took place upon her
burial.
And so God is making it very clear.
Yeah, you can have made a contribution.
You can have called yourself part of the
family.
You could have actually made a
contribution to what God was trying to
achieve so that you would perceive
yourself to be covenant.
If that would use those terms, I would.
And then be cast aside because of
something else that you did.
And so it is absolutely possible,
and it's something that God has had to
deal with all of this time.
His people have been particularly
obnoxious in this way.
They've been a fractured family.
That's why we read the story in Howsha
where God asked the prophet to marry a
religious whore for the express purpose
of...
giving Howsha empathy so that he would know
what God has endured all this time,
and the same result transpired.
God says,
I'm divorcing you because of your
religiosity.
So this is quite common for someone to
have done this.
And if you do it, in this case,
God has the same response.
And that means that somebody was in a
position to know,
who were given the opportunity to know,
And then who turns on the covenant family,
on Dowd, God's son, on Yahowah's name,
on those that Yahowah has chosen to speak
for him?
Well, you're going to hell.
That's just the bottom line.
You may not like it,
but you wrote your own sentence.
You're going to hell.
And that's who God is condemning here.
Quite an introduction,
but unless you have this in context,
there's no way to understand why God's so
disgusted.
by this individual.
So it reads,
and I'll pick it up a couple of
verses before we concluded our last
program.
I think it was on Family Hour on
Friday evening.
With the many variations of your way,
he's speaking to this same woman,
the your here is feminine singular,
and your prolonged path,
you have become worrisome,
but you are never willing to admit
that life of this beastly group is
hopeless.
It's futile.
And quite frankly, it's damning.
Nevertheless, through your influence,
you sought to be found sufficient.
You sought to be discovered,
to obtain a reason to assert that you
were really not diseased or afflicted.
You weren't weak.
You weren't
Mortally wounded.
You weren't the problem.
You were the cure.
I'm going to sing it on you again.
It's actually Isaiah fifty seven ten.
But.
She was all those things.
She had many variations of her way and
continues to to promote them.
She has become worrisome.
I've had it up to here with her.
But Yahowah's had it up to here with
her.
And, you know,
even when they offer proof text for their
mommy goddess or for the Choter being
different than how Yahowah portrays him or
the Nakar not existing,
And I'll go into those the very text
that they cited to promulgate their lie
and go through them and show that those
texts actually convey the opposite of what
they have implied.
It's very much like my book.
twistianity,
where I will go through something that
Paul said and use his citations and will
prove through his own citations that he
lied.
And I've done that over and over again
with this group,
initially to help them and then after that
to excoriate them because they have no
credibility and it is wearisome and it is
Their inability to admit that they're
wrong.
That is,
cast them in with all of the other
religious people.
You know,
I will tell Christians all the time that
to dote as the Messiah and the Son
of God according to God and to call
anyone else the Messiah and Son of God
or the Savior is to call God a
liar.
And here's the proof text for that.
And all they'll do is just get mad.
The very word of God isn't enough to
get their attention.
So in this particular case,
both the Christians and this woman are
desperate to find that some semblance of
credibility for themselves.
I have done a number of series where,
and I've written that there is no mention
anywhere in the Torah prophets and Psalms
of a Jesus.
If Jesus is so goddamn important,
that there's a whole religion created for
him, a whole New Testament for him.
Why isn't Jesus ever mentioned?
There is no mention of a Jesus,
not by any name that would be a
semblance of Jesus.
Never mentioned.
No mention of a Christ.
No mention of a church.
No mention of a Christian.
No mention of a New Testament.
No mention of a Trinity,
no mention of baptism,
no mention of any of the things that
became essential to the Christian
religion.
No mention of Easter or Christmas,
of Sunday worship, of resurrection,
nothing.
All of the essentials of Christianity have
nothing written about them in the Torah,
Prophets and Psalms.
Why?
Because it's all a lie.
but they will insist that it's there.
And you'll say, okay,
I'll pay a billion dollars if you can
find a reference to Jesus or to Christ
or to Christian or to church or to
Christianity or to baptism or to any of
these things or to Christmas or Easter or
Sunday worship, any of it.
And they just melt down.
They go into ad hominem attacks.
But that's the same thing that happened
here.
This woman was desperate.
I remember during our last parting month
or so,
she was insistent that she was the gozel
of the presentation of when there is a
a lamb, a ram,
and a bull that are cut in half.
I think also a goat,
but certainly the first two.
They're cut in half.
And then there's this gazelle.
And she said, well, it's obvious that,
you know,
you're the bull and the goat is the
ram.
Things that she, of course,
now denies because they don't serve her
mother goddess agenda.
But she says, and I am the gazelle,
which is a songbird of sorts.
And I said, well,
I don't think you want to be the
gazelle because why don't you look up the
etymology of the gazelle?
And what it says to the gazelle is
that it's reprehensible.
It's really disgusting.
It's vile.
And it gets plucked to ribbons.
It really does not have a favorable fate.
And the bull and the ram are divided
in two because they would serve at two
different occasions and they would be
separated.
on these two occasions to serve Yahowah and
his family in this way.
And they have.
And it was just one thing after another.
Then she was saying, you know, that, okay,
so he is the Adam of Parah,
speaking of me.
But then she came with some verse that
says, and I save him.
That was the last time she and my
wife talked.
She says, nobody saves him.
He gives his Basar,
the life of his physical body, willingly.
Nobody saves him.
It's like saving the Passover lamb.
Why would you want to do that?
The whole purpose is to offer the
sacrifice willingly.
He offers the sacrifice of the Adam of
Parah willingly.
Nobody saves him.
His nephesh soul is never at risk.
What are you talking about?
Now, so God is saying, you know,
you're looking all these places to find
yourself justified.
And it's just not there.
So, by association, who is it?
And what, God asks,
are you so troubled over?
Why are you riddled with anxiety to the
point of being frantic, even psychotic?
Are you so concerned in your dreadful and
desperate degraded mental state?
Why you continue to be so intimidated and
anxious, awestruck while trembling,
horrified to the point of being terrified.
Everything again.
feminine singular,
such that you are so deceptive with all
of these outright lies,
thereby promoting a pagan delusion,
pagan in the sense of false gods, plural,
which is contrary to reality.
And therefore it's me that you no longer
mention or remember such that you don't
recall my most memorable of men.
You've not considered these words
judgmentally, thoughtfully.
You've not taken these statements to
heart,
examining this message relative to your
inclinations and motivations.
Don't question whether I will take action
even after remaining silent for a long
time.
From the very beginning and without end
regarding me, you have never,
shown any respect or admiration.
Yashayah, Yahowah saves, Isaiah,
fifty-seven, eleven.
All right, well,
that's packed with lots of useful
information.
All right, so the first, it begins,
and so by association, who is it?
And what is it that troubles you so
much?
And God said, okay, you know,
I offered my son.
He volunteered, actually,
and I supported what he accomplished by
fulfilling Pesach, Matzah,
and Bikuwrym in thirty-three CE.
He paid the price to open the door
to life.
He took your guilt into Sheowl to make
you appear perfect in my eyes.
He's the one who made it possible for
you to be adopted in my covenant family.
We accomplished these things together.
I told you about it.
He told you about it.
We walked, we talked the talk,
we walked the walk.
We did this as a gift for you.
All we're asking in return for you is,
well,
start by acknowledging my name because I
don't appreciate being called all manner
of names like Jesus or Hashem or all
that sort of rot.
At least acknowledge that my name is
Yahowah.
Acknowledge that it was through my son
that we accomplished this.
Appreciate the fact that the Beryth
covenant is enabled through the Mowedym,
Pisach, Matzah, and Bikuwrym.
How about that for a start?
Now, I did this for you.
What's your problem?
Why would you create a lie to replace
my son with a goddamn myth of Jesus?
Why would you do that?
Why would you,
in their case of the mother goddesses now,
they don't see any reason for Dowd.
They have gone full rabbi and saying,
Dowd,
David could not have been the Passover
lamb because the Torah forbids human
sacrifice.
As if they're not smart enough to
recognize that the body was discardable.
It was there for that purpose only.
And the only thing that made him human
and unique were his nephesh and Neshamah,
neither one which were harmed in the
process.
So both picking away at God's testimony
regarding the most memorable of men.
God says, why are you doing that?
I mean,
can you imagine anything that would upset
a father more than...
robbing his son of all that he has
accomplished.
His son lives the most extraordinary of
lives,
writes the most exemplary of lyrics,
and the religious have robbed him of all
of these things.
And God says,
what in the world are you thinking?
Why would you do such a thing?
Why would you show admiration for
something like this?
Are you psychotic?
And
In the case of this particular woman,
since he is writing all of this in
feminine singular,
and we know this is this specific woman,
DP would be her initials,
because she and her cadre are the ones
who claim that the Shabuwah harvest was
theirs.
That they were going on it,
they were leaving everybody else in the
covenant,
and I was going to go off and
kill people.
So they're claiming it's theirs,
and God said, no, no,
you're going to be left behind.
And he says specifically it's the ones who
are left behind who had wanted and
expected to be part of it,
that he is excoriating here.
There's only one feminine singular that
that description fits.
I don't care what they try to do
to wiggle out of it because they're not
very bright.
And God's saying, yeah,
you're not very bright.
You're psychotic over this.
You're frantic to deny it as opposed to
live with it.
You know,
you were so enthralled with yada.
And now you're to the point of anxious
denial,
riddled with anxiety to the point that
you're
Your whole mental state is degraded over
this.
People get themselves into these kind of
spirals.
It happens a lot.
I mean,
depression is this kind of spiraling down
and never getting your head straight and
never recognizing what actually the
opportunities are and what the
possibilities are and how to make a
contribution to other people's lives and
get out of your own
set of problems, you can recover from it.
But no, you know,
most people just spiral right on down.
That's what God says.
You're just spiraling right on.
You're riddled with anxiety.
Well, no world's wrong with you.
Why would you do that?
You were given the opportunity to be in
my presence and to know me,
and you just went off and destroyed it.
Why are you so anxious?
I mean, both awestruck and horrified,
which is what they are.
such that everything you're promoting,
you know, the mother goddess cult,
everything they promote is deceptive.
It's outright lies.
You know, if you're swept in by it,
shame on you.
The people that were suckered into it
ought to have known better, but they,
you know,
almost all of them came out from a
conspiracy cult and those who didn't,
no shame on you.
Why are you promoting things that are
pagan and contrary to reality?
For example,
they want to restate Yahowah's name as
Yah-wah and make the Yod in his name
representative of the father and the Wah
in his name representative of the mother
and their mother and father God.
But Yahowah's one.
Two of him would be pagan and
The yod,
which they want to attribute to their
father, is feminine in Hebrew, and the wa,
mother, is masculine in Hebrew.
I pointed this out to them.
What do you think?
They said, oops, I guess we're wrong.
Maybe everything about us is wrong.
Maybe we ought to stop doing this.
But no,
they just continued to wallow in their
deceptions.
And so God says the same thing.
that he um said to uh Shamuw’el um
very very long time ago three thousand
years ago when Shamuw’el um said you know
I have failed you they don't want to
judge anymore uh and yeah I said no
they didn't reject you well they rejected
me and that's what he's telling these
people they that you think that you just
disavowed dote and you disavowed yada no
you
They disavowed me.
And God has memorable men that he wants
us to acknowledge for no other reason than
to capitalize on what they've offered.
And God says, but, you know, here again,
this is testimony that has been translated
by me a decade ago and now reprised
here again for your edification.
And he's saying this testimony.
cadre of corrupt characters.
Not possible.
They're not capable of processing these
words judgmentally,
of examining this message such that they
can assess their own troubled inclinations
and motivations.
And then God lays the boom, hammer.
Just because, you know,
you have not seen me
in your lives now.
Don't think that I don't have your number.
Don't think that I won't take action
because I will.
And in this text, he says,
I'm sending you to Sheowl.
I'm sending you to hell.
And don't doubt for a moment that I'm
going to do it.
So just because I'm giving you the time
to hang yourself
doesn't mean that I'm not responsive.
And the very fact is that God wants
them to do what they're doing.
And it might sound, well, wait a minute,
you're saying that it's terrible that
they're doing it and God wants them to
do it?
Yes.
What he's saying is that those women and
effeminate men who joined in this cadre of
warped characters
never belonged,
that they were not trustworthy enough to
have as part of the covenant family
forever,
that God didn't want them in his home
because he knew that he could not trust
them.
And how does he know?
Because he saw the future and he saw
what they did and what they did was
not trustworthy, it was despicable.
And so they became a filtering mechanism.
If you buy into what they're saying,
you do not belong.
You are excluded.
And God wants that filtering mechanism to
stay in place.
He is not trying to save everybody.
He is actually trying to keep a fence
around the covenant family so that people
who do not belong,
who can't pass the test that Adam failed,
that Dowd succeeded in,
Don't belong.
And God wants them estranged.
So they continue because they serve a
purpose.
They're a filter.
Wrong kind, but they're a filter.
Even though God's been silent for a long
while,
he has said exactly what he's going to
do.
And what he is saying now, too,
that their claims that they were...
respecting me are obviously not true.
If they had respected me,
they wouldn't change my name.
They were respecting me,
they wouldn't turn me into a
hermaphrodite.
Turning God into a hermaphrodite for
someone's own pleasure is pretty
reprehensible.
Changing Yahowah's name, unforgivable.
Note to self and others.
lying about Yahowah while slandering his
collaboration with his Nakar.
Very bad idea.
Turns out God does not appreciate such
things and he holds grudges,
particularly if that Nakar's primary job
is to reintroduce the world to what his
beloved son accomplished.
To uncover the single greatest discovery
in human history.
The dote of the Messiah and Savior and
Son of God.
Who fulfilled Pesach, Matzah,
Bikuwrym in his second of three lives in
thirty-three CE.
Becoming our Savior.
The exemplar of the covenant.
The enabler of the covenant.
So as is the case with most psychopaths
deep down.
They're incurably insecure.
You know,
somebody wrote that there's a huge
difference on my Facebook page between
arrogance and confidence.
And the fact is that arrogance masks
insecurity.
Confidence reveals conviction.
But as the case with psychopaths,
and this woman happened to be clinically
diagnosed as a psychopath, deep down,
they are incurably insecure.
They will say or do anything to mask
their vulnerability.
Let me give you a great example of
a psychopath that has an ego the size
of, well, the Gulf of America.
Donald Trump.
The President of the United States.
Yeah, the President of the United States.
He is deeply insecure.
He knows he's a fraud.
He even knows he's demon possessed.
He made the deal with the devil.
He knows exactly who he is.
He knows that he's a sexual pervert.
He knows he's a pedophile.
He knows he's a rapist.
He knows he's a consummate liar.
He knows he's a complete and utter fraud.
He knows he's stupid.
And all of his bluff and bluster,
they're all designed to hide that.
That kind of ego is an attempt to
match, to mask insecurity.
That's why he will say and do anything
to hide it.
Today's Anan, demonic woman, and Zanah,
this duplicitous whore that has
been so inappropriately cruel, cruel,
without provocation, to my wife.
Boy,
she has had a field day with Yahowah
because after having to endure all of
their embittered slander,
and they've been unbelievably harsh and
unfair to my wife.
It's just as Miriam was so long ago
with Moshe's wife.
All of this time,
my preference has been to do nothing,
say nothing.
And to the extent that's possible,
that's what I have done.
And then I will reveal a prophecy and
I'll share it because that's my job.
I go to where God's words lead.
But when God called her directly an anon,
a sorceress, a demonic,
And then he said that she was Zanah,
a whore.
And Shaqar, a betrayer.
Well, that opened the floodgates of, well,
I've endured this now for the last five
years.
They, as a whole group, have slandered me.
Now I have God's permission to hit back.
And she has,
and she deserves that right after all they
have done to her.
And what she's conveying is Yahowah's
testimony.
Previously asked her not to do it.
Now I'm saying, well, you know,
you're probably reaching the point where
enough's enough,
but you are entitled to do this.
You're right in doing it.
And it is our job to convey Yahowah's
testimony.
And he is very clear in this regard.
There's only one woman who meets the
conditions of this prophecy.
And, of course,
what God is saying is that she is
desperate to hide her degraded mental
state,
and therefore she slanders others as a
smokescreen.
In this particular case,
I know it because I experienced it.
She disparaged everyone behind their back.
Everyone she degraded.
That's what psychopaths do.
They put everybody down.
And then to their face,
she would say exactly the opposite.
She would claim that I disparaged them and
that she was there to lift them up.
And she was the one who really appreciated
them.
In fact, the matter is,
I didn't disparage any of these people,
not before they left and did their thing.
And even then,
I tried to accommodate them and say,
you know,
I appreciate the work that you had put
in previously.
I wish you every success going forward.
And so they were unprovoked in their
cruelty and their slander.
and unjustified in their cruelty and their
slander.
But the fact of the matter is that
everybody that is part of her little
group, she played.
My publisher was a great example.
I thought a really sweet woman dedicated
to the job.
And this deranged woman always used to
say, oh,
she's so easy for me to manipulate.
She's so weak.
She's really stupid.
she's just putty in my hands.
And she took the opportunity to claim that
I had said disparaging things about her
when I had always protected her,
always and consistently and a hundred
percent of the time without exception.
And yet she, this moment,
my publisher evidently fell prey to it.
Believed that the one supporting her was
the one who had disparaged her and torn
her down.
And that the one who had supported her
was exactly the opposite.
And, you know,
it's a shame that people can be that
easily maneuvered into doing the wrong
thing,
but it happens and it happens a lot.
And in this case,
the woman that my wife had treated better
than any person in her life ever,
and by her own admission,
returned the favor by lashing out against
us, stealing money from us,
and then slandering us when we had never
been anything other than supportive and
kind to her.
And according to God,
her motivation was her own sense of
inadequacy.
She found our genuineness and our
generosity intimidating.
because she was not capable of either.
And she was horrified in the comparison
just to the intellect that my wife
possesses.
And it hated the comparison.
This is a debilitating failure in human
character and psyche.
And it's one that I have personally
studied for a long time.
And because I've experienced it so often,
my father was this kind of person.
My father was a horrible, abusive man.
horribly insecure and yet grotesquely
egotistical.
I had business acquaintances that were
this way.
I had an ex-wife that was this way.
I know it really well.
I know that what God knows,
that when you come across a woman like
this, that is psychotic this way,
There's nothing you can do,
nothing psychiatrists can do,
psychologists can do.
There is no strategy that prevails.
You can't accuse them without them feeding
off of that and becoming even more
vicious,
even when you prove that they're wrong.
You can't ignore them with any success
because they just keep on digging and
digging until the only opportunity is to
respond or have your character completely
destroyed by them.
And you can't try to accommodate them by,
you know,
I see so many posts on Facebook.
Oh,
we just really ought to refresh people and
help them and come to understand their
position of need and to try to uplift
them and care for them and nurture them
and everything will be just fine.
It's like saying you're going to do that
to a rattlesnake.
You see how that turns out for you.
I don't care how much you love that
rattlesnake.
It's going to kill you given the
opportunity.
And that's the nature of this.
You can't fix it.
So clearly, Yahowah understands them.
I've studied them for most of my life.
I know this inadequacy exceedingly well.
And God knows it too.
While there are millions of psychopaths in
the world today,
there's only one whose outright lies and
pagan deceptions emerge from somebody who
was exposed to the truth and then chose
to twist it to misrepresent Yahowah and
slander his chosen implement.
This is the kind of dishonesty manifest by
Satan in the garden when he
conspired with Chawah against Adam.
And the fact that her vitriol is being
spewed publicly at this time with the fate
of his Mowedym, restoring witnesses,
Beryth, family covenant, Bakowr,
firstborn son,
on the line with very little time left.
Yeah,
it was unrelenting in his condemnation.
Sure.
The likes of Paul, Akiba,
and Muhammad have lied,
creating debilitating religions.
And they're always unaffiliated with God,
his chosen implements.
And they never knew the truth.
But such was not the case with Chawah.
She did know the truth.
Such was not the case with Miriam.
She knew the truth.
Such was not the case with Mikal,
Dowd's wife that was so belligerent.
She knew the truth.
are now with this woman whose initials are
DP.
They were not only mistaken,
they exemplify deliberate deception.
That's the worst possible outcome.
It's like Paul, you know,
he was a rabbinical student.
He knew the Torah,
and yet he twisted it to serve his
lie.
Unforgivable from God's point of view.
In fact,
God in the fifteenth chapter of Numbers is
really clear that there is a remedy for
guilt by omission and none for guilt by
commission.
If you have been misled,
there's hope for you.
If you are misleading, there is none.
In the case of
Chawah, Miriam, Mikal, and now this Anon,
this demonic woman.
There is not,
because they are not mistaken.
They're perpetrating a deliberate fraud.
Now,
this is why Yahowah confronts the Anon,
Zanah,
by telling us that she has dismissed him
and his most memorable of men.
She heard and saw his words spoken and
written by his Nakar,
but she failed to discover and even
consider their implications.
She knew that Dowd was the savior who
fulfilled Pesach, Matzah,
and Bikuwrym before she denied it.
She placed her ambitions above God's
acclaim,
her interests over his instructions,
and her perceptions atop his
pronouncements.
She not only created and promoted a mother
goddess,
changing Yahowah's name and testimony to
advance her pagan proposition,
she became the voice of her invention.
Since there is no voice of a mother
god,
guess who is the voice of her mother
god?
And then when I demonstrated that the
passages that she had cited to promote
these delusions said the opposite of her
proposition,
she formed accounts and websites designed
to destroy my reputation and credibility,
and indeed the credibility of Yada Yahowah
because I was the one person capable of
explaining, I'm sorry, but you're lying.
And this is not a mistake.
This is a purposeful fraud.
Turns out Yahowah knew that she would do
this very thing at this time and conveyed
this prophecy to refute the one who will
question why she will be left behind
during the harvest that she tried to
commandeer, Shabuwah.
So God reveals that she brought Shabuwah
incarceration in Sheowl upon herself.
Yahowah isn't to be questioned or trifled
with in this manner,
especially not now or in this way.
The two thousand seven hundred years
between this prophecy and its fulfillment
isn't to be seen as an action.
God cares deeply about this.
Sometimes when we witness someone fall
over themselves as this,
this precipitously in this case,
renouncing what they once claimed to
esteem,
we are inclined to wonder if every aspect
of their life has been a fraud.
And now Yahowah answers this question for
us regarding the Whore of Babel.
God says that the Zanah,
This whorish woman left behind on Shabuwah
and estranged from him was never really
with him.
She has always placed her ambitions over
his acclaim.
And in this way,
she is akin to ha-Satan,
which is why she was called a sorceress.
Now,
should anyone believe that I'm unfairly
picking on a woman whose initials are DP
and her cast of malevolent malcontents
just because they strive to undermine
everything Yahowah and I have achieved over
the past twenty-four years?
That actually isn't the case.
I see them as ignorant and irrelevant.
But since that isn't God's perspective,
he will continue,
I will continue to go where his words
lead.
Yeah,
I've tried three or four times to respond
to them and take the proof text that
they wrote and explain that, no,
they actually say the opposite of what
you're claiming.
And your arguments are really foolish.
They're not well thought through.
And so I just came to the conclusion,
the group is way too dimwitted.
and irrational to engage in any meaningful
way.
And that would have been that,
as far as I'm concerned.
And then they came up, of course,
with the We Hate Craig website that
hashtags my name to garner attention for
themselves to disparage me because I'm the
one who can hold them accountable for
their lie.
And it became very personal.
Um,
but still my preference was let's just get
on with business.
We've got a lot to accomplish.
They're just an, an irritant.
It's kind of like a mosquito.
Uh, and yeah,
we actually use that term to describe them
to elsewhere.
Uh, but God isn't dispassionate.
That isn't his approach.
He cares deeply about the commitment that
I have made to him and our investment
together on behalf of his beloved son.
And he isn't going to let bygones be
bygones because they're not bygones.
So I did not expect to find this.
I expected to find the passage in fifty
seven, one and two that explain that.
When Shabbat occurs.
The members of God's covenant family who
are engaged in standing grain and mature
are going to be removed from this earth.
And they will literally disappear.
I did not expect what follows that we're
covering now.
But as I say,
I made a practice of never taking anything
out of context.
And this is what we're learning.
And if God's going to take the time
to say it in a prophecy that Yashayah
recorded, twenty seven hundred years ago,
I'm not going to back away from it.
God wants it disclosed for a reason.
From what I have read from Isaiah, Isaiah,
through this point now, we've just shared,
God has identified his coworker as
Ha-Nakar, the observant foreigner.
And he has revealed that the occasion that
this is being presented is pursuant to the
Shabuwah harvest.
Then he went on the attack,
specifically denouncing a singular woman
along with her minions,
because while all others remained
oblivious,
she and they questioned why they were left
behind.
The subject has not changed as God remains
disgusted by a uniquely deceptive and
deplorable woman at this very moment.
As is confirmed, by the way,
each condemnation is presented throughout
in the feminine singular.
And in particular,
Anan and Zanah are the most demonic and
duplicitous titles in the entirety of
God's arsenal.
You could not pick more disparaging terms.
And he deployed both
along with Shaqar, which means to betray,
and describing his disgust for this woman
and why he was sending her to Sheowl.
There are a lot of people God says,
I'm sending her to Sheowl.
But he did so in this case.
Thereby warning those who believe her,
for those who continue to associate around
her.
The text reads,
and I will share this and we will,
before long,
I think we'll move on to another program,
but it's hard to know when to stop
sharing what God had to say so that
his people are aware of what's going on.
And in this case,
this woman has done her utmost to use
monies that I had provided for advertising
to solicit Israeli groups
Jews and Israel,
because that's where my heart is.
That's where Yahowah's heart is.
That's the focus of our message is to
God's people, Yahuwdym and Yisrael.
And so she does have a cadre of
followers in Yisrael now, small,
but nonetheless, she has kept,
is keeping God's beloved people.
from engaging in this Shabuwah harvest
through her lies.
It reads,
I myself will correctly recount and
report,
then declare your sense of righteousness
and justice,
your means to decide what is right and
wrong, even acquitting,
your very claims to honesty
and that which pertains to your activities
and endeavors,
the very things that you have done,
because none of this,
neither of these things,
nor those you have gathered to you,
are gonna be of any benefit to you,
because there is nothing to be
accomplished by you.
Isaiah, fifty-seven, twelve.
Oh, they claim to be truth tellers.
God says, no,
but I'll remember what you said.
They claim that they have a different
assessment of what is right.
And God says, no,
but I'll remember what you said.
They claim that, oh,
that they are more accurate.
And God says, no,
but trust me on this.
I have correctly recounted and I will
declare what you said.
And I've also paid attention to your
activities.
You know,
her little helper boy took down the
website twice, wrote disparaging,
hugely disparaging letters to covenant
members, multiple times, lied.
God says, I'm remembering what you said.
I remember what you did.
You created a we hate Craig site just
to disparage him,
just to attract attention,
just to destroy the reputation of the man
who had the goods on you,
who knew you were a fraud.
Yeah.
I will correctly recount what you have
said, what you have done.
And I want you to know that it
doesn't matter how many followers you get.
Doesn't matter how many people you
beguile.
All that matters at this point is for
you to know that nothing that you have
said or that you have done will work
in your favor.
Nothing is being accomplished by you.
What God is saying here is that the
Zanah and the Nakar,
they're in opposite camps.
While my commitment is to be right about
Yahowah accurately presenting his
testimony, since she has not,
God is recording and presenting what the
sorceress has claimed to the contrary.
Then with this translation and subsequent
Yahowah blog regarding God's presentation
of Yashayah, Isaiah,
fifty-six and fifty-seven,
This very prophecy is being fulfilled by
correctly reporting what Yahowah revealed.
He instructed us as to how we are
to respond.
Our father's assessment began by revealing
that he would identify and deliver the
tzedakah.
the one who is right about him,
as the means to redeem his people.
This would occur prior to and in
conjunction with the Shabuwah harvest.
He proceeded to tell us that his Asaph,
in-gathering,
of those who are right about him will
cause them to disappear as they're brought
to him in shalom.
And while most remain oblivious,
there will be a contingent of those who
are left behind.
Those known by their association with the
sorceress and whore.
And they will have been aware of this
harvest.
They will have expected to have been
included in it.
But they will be excluded.
Not knowing why.
So as we ponder the implications of this,
we were left with a single object of
Yahowah's ire.
And God is more condemning of them and
this prophetic disclosure than of anybody
else at any time.
And that is why the entire diatribe has
been rendered in second person,
feminine singular.
You woman, you did this.
You disgust me.
Constantly criticizing the one who chose
to disparage everything that she had once
known to be true.
Since God is always fair,
it will be on account of what she
has pontificated and propositioned that
she will be judged and condemned.
and the outcome is already predetermined
and it's bleak.
God's seen the future and has rendered his
verdict in advance.
She will have accomplished nothing other
than to impugn herself and destroy the
lives of her accomplices.
Well,
this is all very specific and from a
more generic perspective,
few things are more caustic.
to religious beliefs than Yahowah's
testimony,
especially when it is accurately
presented.
Every rabbi, pope, cardinal, and bishop,
every imam, pastor, and priest,
along with many politicians and teachers
will be exposed and condemned this very
way,
hanged upon their own words and deeds.
It is the strategy I took throughout
twistianity to condemn Paul
Goddamn religion to excoriate Allah and
Muhammad and the Babel series to denounce
Judaism because it is irrefutable.
It's the most effective means to censure
those who are lying.
Quote them.
So from a broader sense,
while they taught that there was no God
or they spoke on behalf or whether they
taught, I should say,
that there's no God or atheists,
or they spoke of a God by different
name, the religious, Yahowah,
has put them all on notice that he
will hold them accountable by correctly
recounting their own words and testimony.
And in this case, I can tell you,
a guy like Paul or Muhammad or Akiba,
serious trouble.
This known,
there may be a less damning fate awaiting
those who have justified the unjustifiable
without having become aware of their
misrepresentations of God and that they
are
indeed inaccurate they may be fortunate to
have their souls destroyed at the end of
their counterproductive lives to be misled
as opposed to having been misleading
there's a huge discussion of this uh
towards the end of numbers fifteen
But it should be noted that it is
unlikely that a person would reach the
level of a rabbi, a pastor, a preacher,
an Imam, a mentor, a spokesperson,
a politician, or a professor,
and have done so without realizing
somewhere along the way that there were
serious flaws and inconsistencies in the
system they were advocating.
It's like when I told Jerry Falwell that
everything that he had been conveying
about Christianity was untrue.
There was no Jesus.
There was no Christ.
There was no Trinity.
There was no baptism.
There was Sunday worship.
All of this was just a pile of
lies.
He said, yeah, of course,
what you're saying is true.
I couldn't deny any of it,
but if I were to say what you're
saying,
there'd be no checks that come in to
support my university and there'd be
nobody sitting in the pews of my church
filling the collection plates.
And if you say it,
they'll label you a kook.
So, you know, they know,
they know they're frauds.
And well,
not as bad as the Anan Zanah.
Most continue pontificating their errant
message when proven wrong.
Well,
you look at the people that attack me
on Facebook or on X or on YouTube.
Some even seek to justify what
they must suspect is unreliable.
Nevertheless,
they are never willing to surrender the
status they have achieved or endure the
indignity of being ostracized by their
peers to admit that they are promoting
myths, lies.
For the souls who will have waited too
long to choose Yahowah over the Anon,
or others perhaps beguiled by more popular
influencers,
who may have become too comfortable
relying on implausible notions,
Yahowah says, in crying out for you,
summoning others to you,
or even when issuing a proclamation for
you.
Why don't you have the others in your
community,
those you have assembled to share your
beliefs, save you?
Therefore, with regard to all of them,
the Ruach spirit, he will lift them up,
he will carry them away,
grasping hold and taking away the
meaningless and valueless,
those who are a waste of breath,
along with their useless idolatry.
That's fifty seven thirteen of Isaiah and
only in part.
What this says is God saying, OK,
you're so enamored with your followers.
You're so proud of of the people you
have lured into your group.
Have them save you.
What do you say?
You're so sure of yourself.
And your little cadre of characters that
you have brought along with you,
God's saying, have them save you.
Because that sure as hell not going to
be me.
So good luck with that, by the way.
But let me know how that works out
for you, God's saying.
And then he lays the kibosh on them.
After being sarcastic, it's God's.
choice to be sarcastic.
He's mocking her, obviously.
Let your followers save you.
Ben, he is...
lays the kaboom on them you see they
were convinced that the ruach being a
feminine noun must represent mom that is
that is our spirit mom is the ruach
and so they promoted the ruach which is
just an accessory of Yahowah it's a part
of Yahowah he can set set apart from
himself
to serve a particular function.
The Ruach was instrumental, for example,
in protecting Dowd and inspiring Dowd,
even enabling Dowd to carry out Pesach,
Matzah, and Bikuwrym in thirty-three CE.
And they were,
I happen to be the first person to
make a big deal of the fact that
the Ruach was feminine and actually
extrapolated way beyond what was
appropriate there.
But nonetheless,
they are convinced that the Ruach is
spirit maw.
Yeah, they are.
And so God says, all right,
see how this works for you.
Therefore, with regard to them, the Ruach,
that spirit, he will lift up and carry,
grasping hold and taking away the
meaningless and valueless who are a waste
of breath.
Double whammy there, sweetheart.
Double whammy.
The very spirit that you turned into your
mommy god is going to be the one
that's carrying you to hell.
And you wanted to make her the mommy
god.
And here, just to make the point,
Yahowah wrote this so that both verbs,
Nashah and Laqach,
were ascribed in third-person masculine
singular.
He is going to lift up and carry
away.
He's going to grab hold.
What he's trying to say here, yeah,
you know,
all nouns in Hebrew are masculine or
feminine,
and you turn this one into a God.
And so I'm going to tell you,
since I'm the one directing the spirit as
a tool, it's me, he, he, he, he,
he, he, not she, she, she.
Oh man, talk about burn.
That is the ultimate burn.
According to God,
it does not matter how loudly they cry
on her behalf or how many followers she
assembles in her brood to speak for her
and against me.
There will be no deliverance from Sheowl.
This isn't a popularity contest.
If it's a popularity contest,
everyone who has ever spoken for Yahowah
would lose.
And yet everyone who has ever spoken for
Yahowah has prevailed.
Not because of numbers.
It's not a popularity contest.
God has always been unpopular.
He will remain unpopular until doubt
returns.
Regardless of the number of morons she
ultimately solicits to share her beliefs,
there will be no salvation for any of
them.
Then demonstrating that, well,
he has a sense of humor and that
he knows how to foreclose an argument.
Yahowah has his Ruach spirit to pose of
them.
The very Ruach they tried to turn into
a mother God will capture and collect.
what God sees as valueless souls who are
a complete waste of breath because they
promoted idolatrous notions regarding him
and even more condemning.
When deploying the spirit,
which is a feminine noun in Hebrew,
Yahowah addressed both verbs,
nasha and Laqach,
in third person masculine singular as he.
Such the mommy goddesses are blown away.
It was pure genius on God's part to
convey this as he did under these
circumstances.
So while this was specific to the Mother
Goddess cult in general,
in a general sense,
those who believe that the popular appeal
of their religion makes them right.
Muslims do this all the time.
So do Christians.
They'll be proven wrong by the one who
is right.
Those who cling to the past as if
longevity of their religion makes it true
will be unheralded in the future.
The use of kibbutz is clever,
albeit biting.
On the surface,
it reveals that far too many expect their
devotion to their counterfeit and their
replacement religious assemblies to save
them.
They believe that customary delusions that
have failed in the past will suddenly
prevail after a millennia of anguishing
results.
But frankly,
nothing sort of accepting what is right
will deliver the misled from the time of
Jacob's troubles.
Their great kibbutz,
accumulation of things,
their many companions,
their plethora of convocations and their
vast magnitude of what they have received
from rabbis, pastors, priests,
and social media influencers that they
have assumed to be true.
will be as vapor,
as worthless as they have made their
souls.
Digging deeper, of course,
kibbutz forms the basis of kibbutz,
the farming collectives in Israel,
which became the seed from which socialist
dreams of communism emerged.
And as we have learned,
while an individual can be good or bad,
right or wrong, collectively,
men and women are almost always wrong.
This hive of misguided souls is far worse
collectively than even the individual
leading them.
Kibbutz is from Kabbalah to receive and
accept assumptions which correspond to
that which is the opposite of what is
real.
Kabbalah is the feminine of Kabbalah,
the spiritualism of the rabbis as
proclaimed in their Zohar.
Whether it is socialism or spiritualism,
Yahowah described his people accurately,
just as he said he would.
Religious pronouncements are all futile,
holding no more weight with God than a
fleeting breath and the residual vapor of
what was spoken.
The Ruach will blow them all away,
cleansing the earth,
of these debilitating lies?
The answer,
which is the antidote to religion,
is to trust and rely on Yahowah.
Those who do will inherit the world along
with all of the benefits of the covenant.
As God's children,
we will live in his presence atop his
set-apart mount during the one thousand
year celebration of our return to the
garden during Sukah.
As such, a word like Hebel,
which was translated breath,
the very symbol of mortal life and of
spoken words.
Yahowah's spirit will therefore seize
mortal souls whose lifeless words misled
others,
carrying them away to an eternity in
Sheowl.
Now this is the conclusion of Yahowah's
overt rebuke of the Anan sorceress and
Zannah whore.
who is Shakur,
a vain betrayer and deceptive fraud.
Because they have sought to demean Yada,
Yada Yahowah, the Yahowah-Vlog,
God's Nakar, Choter, Basar, and Zarowa,
in addition to Yahowah's beloved son,
our King and Savior, Dowd,
all while claiming the Shabuwah harvest for
themselves.
Yahowah's condemnation is comprised of a
dozen detailed and comprehensive yet
concise statements.
It is the longest and most relentless
denunciation of anyone as found in the
Torah and prophets,
worse than the dressing down of Satan in
the garden and of the Israelites for their
belligerence and antagonism during the
Exodus.
throughout this introduction, this timing,
and this depiction, of course,
now is a perfect match for one particular
woman and of no other.
So that it is fresh in our minds,
Yahowah's denunciations of the mother
goddess and her malcontent brood of
vipers, it began like this.
Every beast of the country and open
environments,
you will choose to come to devour and
destroy all living things in the foliage
of the tree.
He's talking about the tree of lives.
Excuse me,
the tree of knowledge that leads to the
tree of lives.
Those who are watchmen assigned to be
lookouts are blind.
All of them are ignorant and opposed to
Yada.
without understanding, without revelation,
unaware, unable to teach,
and thus clueless.
They are low, yada.
They are universally contemptible,
rife with emotion,
akin to dumb dogs and capable of
intelligent speech.
They are without the capacity to
understand or the ability to prevail.
And they will not succeed as they are
utterly incompetent, unable to even bark,
panting while dreaming and thus
hallucinating,
lying around smitten with their own
inactivity and lack of awareness.
And so these overly emotional malcontents
have an intensely fierce soul,
stubborn and self-willed,
and they will never acknowledge that
they've gone too far,
never admitting that they are entirely
gluttonous and unrestrained as they are
insatiable, never being satisfied.
Those acting as shepherds clamoring for
authorization to lead the flock are not
yada.
because they are ignorant and irrational,
devoid of understanding,
neither perceiving nor comprehending,
and thus lacking the capacity to make
intelligent connections.
All of them have turned to their own
way,
every person after their ill-gotten gain
and dishonest advantage,
acting like thieves without exception or
restraint, and to the very end,
such that it causes their demise.
Should you agree to come consenting?
This is then their voice,
according to Yahowah.
Yahowah was projecting them saying this,
saying to others, they would solicit,
you should choose to come consenting to
assemble together with us,
to change things around.
I have decided to obtain intoxication with
the confusion of wine.
So we have decided to be habitually
inebriated, constantly consuming alcohol,
sundry liquors to the point of
incapacitated judgment.
Therefore,
it will be and he will exist like
this day forever.
just like this day will be tomorrow.
If the days are to come are opposed,
if they're delayed to a significant extent
for thousands of the remnant, oh,
it's so devastating there.
God is projecting them saying that they
can make this day reflect tomorrow.
If they oppose and delay what God has
promised,
prophesied regarding the fulfillment of
Shabuwah, Taruwah, Kipurym, and Sukah.
If they can do that to a significant
degree,
then thousands of the remnants will fail
as a result.
Their attempt is now to disrupt the
harvest, to disrupt those return,
to preclude reentry into the gardens.
Then the right and vindicated will vanish,
God says,
disappearing such that those who remain
will not know where they have gone.
No one will give it any thought or
meaningfully ponder the implications.
Loyal and devoted individuals who are
steadfast will be harvested,
gathered together and taken away during
the Asaph, in gathering,
while no one makes the connection to
comprehend why this is so.
For indeed,
away from the presence of this evil
shepherding,
this disastrous calamity caused by
troublesome compatriots and miserable
companions who are wickedly wrong,
those who are correct, upright,
and innocent will be gathered in the
harvest, removed and received.
This is Shabuwah.
Let's celebrate it.
They will arrive reconciled and restored,
intact and healthy, satisfied and content,
blessed and prosperous,
in favorable circumstances and saved.
Shalom.
They will be spiritually restored and
comfortably settled within his restful
environs,
moving about and walking around while
conducting their lives in a manner which
is right, honest, fitting, and proper.
But as for all of you,
Those of you who are still present,
who wanted to approach,
expected to approach at this time,
now you are the children of false
pretenses.
You're under the spell of an Anan,
a demonic woman,
deliberately conjuring a false spirit to
obscure reality and to blow smoke,
operating as a sorceress.
The seed of Na'aph,
The adulterous one who was unfaithful,
disloyal and unreliable.
A horrible man.
And the Zanah, the despised whore,
the loathed woman prostituting herself in
despicable manner,
pandering to her own partners for favors
and bribes.
On what basis have you,
without any actual guidance or
provocation,
independently and continually become so
effeminate and so overly sensitive?
Self-entitled individuals delighting and
ridiculing and mocking who are so easily
swayed.
Against what and whom do you open your
mouths and boast,
sticking out your fangs and prolonging
your tongue lashings?
Are you not the children born of revolting
rebellion who rose up in clear defiance of
the authority and the relationship by
holding a grudge,
remaining stubbornly indignant,
the very seed of a Shaqar,
a vain and useless liar who is a
betrayer,
a disruptive and vain fraud promoting a
sham?
Are you not those who burn with rage
and are so intensely,
acrimoniously riled up and boiling over in
a cantankerous frenzy,
steaming while spewing animosity against
the very AL,
the most prominent of trees and the ram,
both the doorway and the prolific source
of leadership in this world?
orderly arrangement of the spreading out
of the entirety of this flourishing and
profusely productive tree,
thereby taking the lives of those who
would be born with an inheritance,
doing so away from the Saiph, the branch,
and the ha-sela, this rocky crag,
Well, come join us there, Wilk.
Your fate, your reward,
and your assigned inheritance is among the
illegitimate, smooth-talking,
insulting flatterers who feign praise,
who pretend to adore, but ah,
they're divisive.
Their sorrow is your lot.
After all,
to them you have poured out a drink
offering, which is a fusion of ideas.
You have elevated, overstated,
and offered up grain offerings.
So why should I change my mind?
Why should I relent, God says,
ceasing to be concerned about these
things?
over the exalted mount arrogantly through
self-exaltation and being carried away
with desire,
you have placed and made your bed.
Additionally,
there you ascribe status to yourselves
while slaughtering the living.
Then in the end,
and at the backside of the door,
at the door-frame and the very cusp of
abundant life,
You have set up and placed your own
memorial along with your maxims,
because indeed,
separated and away from me,
you are laid bare,
revealing your bed and your death by her.
And you have climbed up into your bed,
enlarging it opportunistically and
greedily.
So you've made a covenant with her
against them,
cutting yourselves into her situation in
opposition to them.
You have loved their bad.
You prefer and have inspected their
fallacies.
That's an inside joke that I explained at
a different show.
God's got a sense of humor.
You have consistently contended with
imposing yourselves over the approach of
the king.
calloused, unresponsive, ignorant and fat.
You see,
they have contended with imposing
themselves over the approach of the king.
It's the very thing that I said.
They want to preclude his arrival.
your calloused, unresponsive, ignorant,
and fat,
while you have increased and multiplied
your mixtures and compounds even as
perfumes to hide your stench.
Then you dispatch sending out your
pivoting religious messengers,
your twisted and idolatrous envoys to
cause distress and anxiety
while you besiege on behalf of yourself in
adversarial fashion,
doing so as witnesses to yourself
forevermore, now alienated and estranged,
as remote, distant,
and separated as is possible in
space-time,
even as you are cast down to Sheowl,
hell.
With the many variations of your way and
prolonged path, you have become worrisome,
you're tedious,
but you're never willing to admit that the
life of the beastly group is hopeless,
it's futile, it's damning,
such that you must desist.
Through your influence,
you sought to be found sufficient and
obtained a reason to assert that you were
somehow not diseased,
that you were worthy and not afflicted.
And so by association, who is it?
And what is the reason?
Over whom are you so troubled?
Why are you so riddled with anxiety?
Why are you dreading everything to the
point of being frantic, even psychotic?
while you continue to be so intimidated
and anxious, awestruck while trembling,
such that you are so deceptive with your
outright lies, promoting pagan delusions,
which are so contrary to reality.
And therefore it's me you no longer
mention or remember such that you do not
recall my most memorable of men.
You do not even consider these words
appropriately,
nor have you taken these statements to
heart examining this message relative to
your own motivations.
So don't question whether I will take
action even after remaining silent for a
long while.
From the very beginning and without end
regarding me,
you have never shown any respect.
I myself will correctly recount and report
even declare conspicuously publishing and
making known your sense of righteousness
and justice,
your means to decide what is right and
acquitting even your claims of honesty and
that which pertains to your activities and
endeavors,
the very things you have done
But neither of these things or those that
you have gathered to you will be of
any benefit to you because there is
nothing that is being accomplished by you.
And crying out for you,
summoning others to you,
or even when issuing a proclamation for
you,
why don't you have the others in your
community,
those you have assembled to share your
beliefs, save you.
Therefore, with regard to all of them,
the Ruach spirit,
he will lift up and carry away,
grasping hold of and taking away the
meaningless and valueless and those who
are a waste of breath,
along with their useless idolatry.
Yashayah, Isaiah, fifty-seven, thirteen.
Since sending the 'anan demonic woman and
Zanah, deceitful whore,
who is a Shachar betrayer to shield hell
is a serious outcome.
Before Yahowah turns to the good guys in
this story and moves on to address his
coworkers and their collaboration.
I'd like to preclude the confusion
concerning the fate of souls.
It is germane to know that there are
three potential outcomes,
not just the two proposed by religion.
As we would expect,
those who have come to know and trust
Yahowah,
relying on him by observing his testimony,
such that they engage in his covenant,
celebrate the Shabbat and appreciate his
son by attending his Mowedym,
they're going to be greeted as family and
welcomed to heaven by their father.
There'll be no judgment, no bowing down.
no review of their words and deeds.
And while we will inherit everything and
live forever according to God,
this is a relatively small group of
people,
approximately one in a million
individuals.
The second group of souls who will come
before the judge,
or more accurately,
probably his witnesses,
according to God's testimony,
they're identified in these words.
God told us that the record of one's
beliefs and deeds will be exposed and
denounced should a person be deemed to
have worked against him or his people.
Such souls will be found guilty of
misleading others through their cultural
codes, their societal edicts,
their political platitudes,
their conspiratorial misconceptions,
and their religious tomes.
Their sentence will be to endure eternity
with like-minded souls incarcerated with
demons,
like the ones who have just been denounced
here forever, separated from Yahowah,
in Sheowl, the Anan Zanah.
DP and many of her associates are examples
of those who will endure a very,
very dark future.
But they did this to themselves.
We ought not pity them.
The third category of souls who will come
before the judge are the most numerous.
They represent some ninety nine point nine
percent of humanity.
These mortals will have lived and died not
knowing Yahowah and therefore Yahowah will
not know them.
They will have lived their lives
uninterested or deceived as to his nature.
They are the victims of man's religious,
political and cultural schemes,
not their advocates.
These mortals,
without any spiritual affiliation,
will simply cease to exist.
There will be no punishment or reward.
They lived their lives as they saw fit.
There will be nothing more.
Their souls will cease to exist just as
their bodies succumb and ultimately
decompose.
It's a good stopping point because at this
part of the text,
God returns to what I would call the
good guys of his story.
those advancing his testimony,
those calling his people home,
explaining how and when and why and how
God's going to deliver his promises.
So we'll return to this place in our
episode, Returning to the Garden,
this time tomorrow.
Thank you for listening.